away from the bombing and
destruction these Palestinians are
turning to outdoor recreation in an
effort to try and forget the horrors
they faced over more than 11 months of
brutal War one of the buildings
destroyed is ad's gym it was targeted in
an air strike on Khan yunes earlier this
year he recovered his equipment from
under rubble and decided to reopen
Outdoors where the young and old now
pump
iron due to the dire need of our youth
and children in this area to find an
outlet for their stress and negative
emotions I went to the area where the
gym was and dug with my own hands along
with the help of my children and friends
until we were able to retrieve just some
of the equipment that was in the gym in
order to continue Upon Our passion for
sports he says his gym has proved
popular with Palestinians looking to
find an outlet for pain for nearly a
year Palestinians have faced constant
death displacement and
destruction people come here to release
their negative energy and to relieve the
negative psychological State those who
have lost everything now find a place of
Refuge where they can build learning
strength and resilience both mentally as
well as
physically I lost everything we lost our
families our homes we also lost our
future we have no future no life nothing
we come here to the gym just to release
the anger Israel's war has shattered
most things in Gaza including a fitness
center but it has not broken the spirit
of the Palestinian people Muhammad
Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz